Hello guys, welcome back to the Pixel
Lab channel. Today we're going to be
looking at vibe coding with Pixel Lab
with Cloud Code and Go dot as their game
engine. All right, so the first thing
I'm going to do is I'm going to create
characters. I'm going to go to the
characters creator page and so I'm going
to prompt it male farmer wearing a blue
overall. I'm gonna do 64x 64 and do high
top down and I'm gonna do realistic
male.
So here we have our farmer with the blue
overall. So now we're ready to animate
and go with a couple animations. I'm
going to do idle going to generate in
the background. I'm also going to do
walking with six frames. I'm also going
to do running with six frames. And you
can see how they're generating already.
>> Many animations later.
>> All right. So, now that I'm happy with
that player, I'm going to do the same
process for our first enemy. For this
one, I'm going to do a anthropomorphic
chicken doing a scary walk.
>> Many animations later.
>> All right. So, now that we're happy with
their animations, I'm going to tell it
to make the game scene with the
characters and make use of all the
animations with their game play. Let's
test it now. Oh, there it is. Nice.
If you enjoyed this clip, make sure to
check out the full video and check out
pixelapp.ai. Aot.